Add Python example (#8)
aiven/opensearch-migration-examples: python-client-migration/README.md

# Python OpenSearch Migration Examples
In order to run those examples locally, install the dependencies:

```shell
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

> Testing show that this is a four (4) lines change. Change the `import` statement, and the Python client for ES (Elasticsearch) and OS (OpenSearch).

Reviewer: I *think* this should be "`Testing shows`" and "`four (4) line`"
```suggestion
Testing shows that this is a four (4) line change. Change the `import` statement, and the Python client for ES (Elasticsearch) and OS (OpenSearch).
```

Changes related to `import`:

```python
- from elasticsearch import Elasticsearch
+ from opensearchpy import OpenSearch
```

Changes related to clients and arguments:

```python
+ opensearch_client = Elasticsearch(ES_SERVICE_URI, use_ssl=True)
- opensearch_client = OpenSearch(OS_SERVICE_URI, use_ssl=True)
```

See this commit diff as an example change: [python-client-migration/python_client_migration/main.py](https://github.com/aiven/opensearch-migration-examples/commit/58d35ad29ce0ba8337a383fbfe920f1644a80361)

> 

Reviewer: I think it might be worth adapting the text from the PR conversation - something like:
```
## How we made this example

* We started with a full ES example duplicated in es-main.py and main.py
* We then created a full OS example in os-main.py
* and then modified main.py to use the OS client with minimal changes.
```

Author: Great! I think it can be useful but I am thinking more this should be in something like [CONTRIBUTING.rst](https://github.com/aiven/opensearch-migration-examples/pull/10). What do you think? This is the proper process for all the examples afaik.

Reviewer: I do like the idea of keeping the README  nice and simple and clear, as it was.
So that sounds sensible to me. Thank you.
